# CS-340-Client-Server-Development

    How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
    Writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable can be accomplished in several different ways. By providing documentation, such as the README file, you are giving the reader valuable information that will help with the above. In the CRUD Python Module, we divided the Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations into reusable functions, which makes it adaptable to other applications. We can later use the CRUD module to further enhance its potential or add more security to it.
    
    How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
    An approach to solving a problem as a computer scientist is to understand the requirements of the application as well as the obstacles that must be faced to overcome the problem. I took some time to read over Grazioso Salvare's objectives as well as analyze the data that we were going to be working with to get a bigger picture of what we wanted the application to do. Techniques/strategies that I will use in the future include: gathering information on the company's objectives and background, implementing proper database design and implementing authorization protocols as well.
    
    What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
    Computer scientists study, create and improve computers. It matters because technology keeps evolving as time progresses and we need people who can find solutions to the problems that arise with new situations. A project like this can help a company access and analyze their data in a more efficient way than a standard Excel document.
